Are you being unreasonable?
Where are Manager Bai's eyes looking?
Is it something I can control?
If you don't wear it so much
Will Manager Bai's eyes be fixed on you?
You don't know when you go to work
Make yourself ugly?
OK, then I'll go home and change clothes.
What clothes are you changing now?
I want you to quit right now
Save it, you are seducing the male employees in our factory
Zhao Lili, you are going too far
I have conceded
It's your job to give in
I think it would be better for you to leave the scene now
Save it, cuckold your man
Where did I offend you?
Don't pretend to be young and pitiful.
That is to say, your man is unreliable.
Just in the factory
Seducing wild men everywhere
Everyone says what I said, right?
Yes, I've seen it before.
Guo Da Pao from the Three Great Workshops
Just hug and hug with Jiang Yan
A hill is not a good thing
Jiang Yan must be a fox spirit too
Put it in front of us every day and pretend to be pure
Yigaoka
But he gambled all Jiang Yan's life-saving money
I'm still protecting Yiqiu like this
It sucks
That is, a scumbag like you
I don't divorce a gambler like this
What if I were you?
I would have kicked him long ago
Zhao Lili
You say another bad word about my man
I'll fight with you